OLED 2K resolution Ultra wide and curved
these are all specs that are better than
my personal gaming mod and probably
yours too so of course today we're
talking about an AIO wait what yes this
right here is the trikes Panorama 360
argb and it has a curved AMOLED display
on it that apparently looks freaking
incredible why you would want that we
don't know I genuinely have no idea but
let's have a look at it it looks like an
Nvidia box for their RTX cards very nice
oh also six-year warranty I do like that
quite a bit getting in here though of
course the first thing that you see is
the display rate here unfolding
imagination ooh they're even proud of
their box
design okay besides the contrast and
color of this being a bit hard on the
eyes this does look like a really wellth
thought out little user manual here aios
are one of the only things where I would
strongly recommend reading the
instructions because you can get really
screwed up if you do something like
missing a washer in a spot that it's
supposed to be or trying to put in the
wrong screws into your motherboard it
can cause loads of issues and maybe
you'll find out halfway through that you
need to undo everything that you just
did and redo it all again cuz you
screwed up in a little tiny way this
looks pretty easy though we have
platform support for Intel 1150x up to
1700 but not for HDT plat platforms and
also of course am4 and am5 let's put
this guy over to the side for a second
and just have a little look at what we
have here there's all of our stuff in
nice little bags it looks like we have a
little controller what is this for RGB
yep very simple just RGB it does look
like we have a motherboard sync which I
like to see which means that you can
have your fans go RGB without using
their software although I imagine you
very much need their software to use the
screen we have some Alpha 01 thermal
grease I have no clue if this is good
stuff but we will find out soon enough
and of course all of our mounting
supplies right here B should we start
installing it yeah no we should segue to
our sponsor thanks to ug green for
sponsoring today's video they're
bringing you some fast and fun charging
accessories for the new iPhone first up
is the ugreen Uno charger 100 W robot
and its funky design that doubles as a
fun desk buddy the cute emojis on the
TFT screen even change as your device
charges it delivers 100 Wat fast
charging through its C1 or C2 Port
meaning your MacBook Pro and other Apple
devices will be Juiced up in no time and
that's not all you can charge up to four
devices at once with three USBC ports
and a usba a port they also have the ch2
certified Uno 15 W wireless charger
tailor made for Apple users check them
out using the link in the description
now to verify that our trikes cooler is
actually pretty decent we have set up a
very simple test we have a shortcircuit
computer here which has a 360 aiio as as
well this one is from Cooler Master and
we have just run cin bench as well as
screen recorded for 30 minutes logged
the data and we will just be testing it
out right here so here is our Baseline
how easy do you think this cooler is
going to be to get out of this Bell
looking at it this is like kind of a
small
case the ease of this job has clearly
not been considered at
all doing a speed uninstall my apologies
to main gear this right here is an
Absolut beautifully cable managed system
and I'm going to have to ruin most of
it I really appreciate that they taped
all these little RGB connections these
things are horrible for just coming
apart like look at how easy that was and
so taping them or hot gluing them makes
this a way more reliable system good job
guys okay it took a lot of doing cuz
there was a lot of cable management but
I think yep we are free there we go
we've got this Cooler Master 360 aiio
that is now out and we can install our
silly one let's just verify that this
fits Ray quick this cooler is pretty
standard sized but it is ever so
slightly larger than normal most
radiators are 27 28 mm thick this one
right here comes in at 30 so you get a
tiny bit more performance and it does
still fit in a normal radiator position
which is great cuz we did not pre-check
with the tries Panorama you have have
two options of fans Not RGB or RGB which
is about an extra $10 although I think
you might want to consider not getting
those fans the problem is that the
standard fans have a static pressure of
3.66 mm of water which is pretty
standard that is what you expect whereas
these RGB ones have 1.8 mm of water
which is pretty terrible when you're are
trying to push a whole bunch of static
pressure through a radiator it's
probably going to be fine but that said
this is an extremely premium cooler and
I really wish that they had just put
some better fans on there cuz that is
going to hold back performance if you
want to just go all out main gear were
nice enough to include a cutout at the
back of this case so this will be super
easy we're just going to put the little
backing plate in there and then we can
screw in our little standoffs to mount
the cooler I need to pull off the screen
just like so under which we have a nice
little fan this right here is presumably
to cool down our vrms like to see that
and also underneath it we have a pump
that is made by acch which means it's
actually going to be quite a high
quality unit just looking at this screen
it is quite large and we can have a
little look at the driver circuits right
in there very fun one thing that is nice
about these fans is that the RGB and the
fan power are combined so you can just
daisy chain them together you don't have
a whole bunch of wires coming out of it
one thing that's not so nice is that it
goes into this single proprietary cable
which means that if you lose this you
are screwed on the bottom of our cold
plate there is pre-applied thermal paste
which is very nice that other tube was
just if you want to apply again but one
thing that I've realized that's a little
bit unfortunate is that your tubes need
to be at the bottom of the aiio if you
look at it this right here goes on such
that it is like that and you definitely
want to have this great big bit you know
showing the front and the side of the
screen at all times instead of it being
like that like I want the tubes to go up
and around but I do not want a screen to
just be facing the GPU so instead we're
going to have to do it kind of weird
like they're going to have to come
across here out in front it's very clear
that they only thought to have this up
in the top because it's going to be
pretty strange looking now that we have
a radiator in the
front man I really wish I could put them
somewhere else can you go around maybe
it's salvageable we shall see can I get
this guy on with the tubes over there H
go on get on there I don't think that's
going to happen go over there does it
just slide on now yep sure does I can't
do anything with those well it is what
it is all right I think we are all good
time to turn it on and see if it has all
worked RGB on the fans working perfectly
those are all good I hear it pumping so
that oh there we
go look at
that what a silly
thing Android system
update there we go tubes are out of the
way the system is up to date when it was
updating we briefly saw that this is
running Android for some reason so I
guess that you could get hacked through
the display on your AIO but that's not
something that I'm personally going to
be too concerned about because it looks
pretty freaking cool in there let's have
a little play what can we put on here
migration what is
this oh very cool you know what at full
brightness this thing actually looks
pretty darn good let's do a peel
here
oh yeah that was satisfying now they do
say that it can do a 3d effect where it
is actually using that this corner is
physically closer to you than the edges
and it kind of expands stuff around here
I don't know how convincing that is but
it is a thing that they say another
thing this is a 60 HZ display so it's
actually really nice and smooth a lot of
little aiio screens that I've seen
before will have lower fresh rates and
they just cannot deliver what this has
that that is a good little display spend
some time playing around with the stuff
so you can have your system info
displayed right here so we have our CPU
temp frequency and the date and time and
also as you can see you can upload
custom images like this beauty rate here
you also can split it so we can have two
of him on here let's see how this
goes ha perfect what a beautiful thing I
am so glad that technology has brought
us this oh I can have a whole bunch of
info on
here wow
so yeah this is um a thing that you can
do one thing that programs like this can
be awful for is just using up a whole
bunch of your CPU resources even though
they're just doing something stupid like
putting Linus's face on a screen for the
most part it's been doing pretty good
but now that I'm doing file processing
of a video it's using up a fair bit of
the CPU so hopefully running videos on
this will not be too taxing Dam damn all
right I put our gr Corolla video on it
and I guess that you can just run that
and one thing that is fortunate is that
it's only using like 1% CPU usage while
we are playing an actual video on it
which is not too bad I have seen much
worse from RGB software before all right
I think we are good to find out if this
thing is any good I do have to say I
really like the display bit of it but of
course if your CPU runs hot then who who
cares I do have it set up so that it's
connected to the same ports on the
motherboard as the other cooler was so
it should be a pretty good Apples to
Apples test so far so good we're looking
at 75 C on the CPU and we are also
looking at me showing off a Toyota
Corolla gr
so wow what other cooler can do that all
right all right the screen cooler is
doing a pretty darn good job if we look
at it here in the red is the previous
Cooler Master cooler and in the green we
have our trikes OLED cooler if we look
at this here for the most part it seems
like that this is around like 73
75 whereas The Cooler Master was
sitting much more around like 76 to 80
you can very easily tell there's like a
3 to 5 difference all the way through
here and also the powers are just a
couple of Watts more going just above
200 instead of just below it so it is
very marginal in an improvement but it's
also not terrible and when you're going
for a cooler that has a great big screen
on it not being terrible is kind of all
that you need what you also need is a
whole lot of money now on other sites I
have seen a quoted that this is around
$370 or so but the lowest that we have
found was on AliExpress for
515 so uh with any luck you'll be able
to find it more in that 300 and a bit
dollar range because you'll probably be
giving up a bit of performance compared
to something like a top tier Asus one
but at the same time look at that
freaking display but for
$500 o you have to really really want
that display just like how I really want
you to hit like get subscribed and just
have a great old day I'll see you guys
later